Update device-onboarding-overview.md (#10102)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/device-onboarding-overview.md

In this deployment scenario, you'll onboard Windows 10 or Windows 11 devices that have not been onboarded yet.

1. Open the [Microsoft Purview compliance portal](https://compliance.microsoft.com). Choose **Settings** > **Device onboarding** > **Devices**.

> [!NOTE]
> If you have previously deployed Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, all the devices that were onboarded during that process will be listed in the **Devices** list. There is no need to onboard them again.

2. Choose **Turn on device onboarding**. 

>    > [!NOTE]
>    > While it usually takes about 60 seconds for device onboarding to be enabled, please allow up to 30 minutes before engaging with Microsoft support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> While it usually takes about 60 seconds for device onboarding to be enabled, you should allow up to 30 minutes before engaging with Microsoft support.
```
